---
title: "SPDub: Music videos"
date: 2020-03-19 00:34:00 +0800
categories: [Music, Violin]
tags: [music]
toc: false
---

## Who are you and what videos do you create?
_____________________________________________

We are SPDub (Sahana Srivatsan and Praneeth Madoori) and we create music videos based off of different pop music and bollywood music. We also make our music videos with different types of instrumentation (piano, violin and guitar).


## What's your backstory and how did you decide to start making Youtube videos?
_______________________________________________________________________________

My friend and I met through music and became really close because of it and wanted to share the love we have for music with our friends and the world in our own creative way.

## Describe the process of filming your first video and uploading it to Youtube. What have you done to grow your following to where it is today?
_______________________________________________________________________________

To make it as clean and expressive as possible was the goal with our video. Since there are two of us, we also had to make sure we were in sync with each other. We recorded our audio separately and then matched it with our video recording to make the video and audio were both clear.

The biggest thing we did was share our youtube channel on different social medias (Facebook, instagram, snapchat, twitter). We also spread it through word of mouth with our close friends, family and coworkers. We shared our first video with a preview followed by the actual video a couple of days later.


## If you could go back, would you do anything differently?
_______________________________________________________________________________

We probably would have made the video a little more interesting than using just a plain wall as our background to engage our audience more, but we fixed that with our second video.


## Where you are at now and what are your plans for the future?
_______________________________________________________________________________

We are working on our third video right now and for the future, our biggest obstacle is being in different states but that isn’t gonna stop us from making time for these videos. We want to release one every month or 2 months and incorporate different types of music and our different instruments.

## What platform/tools do you use for your channel?
_______________________________________________________________________________

We used to IMovie to create our videos and to sync it with our audio which we recorded on Audacity. We use professional recording equipment - FocuSrite interface.

## What’s the most influential books/podcasts/websites for your channel and why?
_______________________________________________________________________________

Piano guys is one our biggest inspirations because each of their videos is so creative, unique and expresses something about them. Their combination of pop music and classical music inspired us to be creative with our own passion.

Advice for other content creators who want to get started or are just starting out? Where can we go to learn more?

Definitely watch other big youtube videos, it helped us figure out where to start with this. Watching videos on other success stories too.
Remember why you’re creating the channel in the first place and that will really help you jumpstart. Get opinions from your close friends and family and be proud of what you’re doing!
